Resume
======

SRINIVASAN.V	         		                     vsrinivasan30@gmail.com 00	9566892218   Objective  •	Looking for an opportunity with an excellent scope for learning and growth that would allow me to contribute to the vision of the top management and work with end-users in converting that vision into a reality.   Educational Qualification  •	Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology                                 Aug 2008 – Jun 2012 Sona College of Technology (affiliated to Anna University) Salem, Tamilnadu, India.                                                                               73.14   •	H.S.C                                                                                                        Jun 2007 – Apr 2008 Vidhya Vikas Matriculation Hr. Sec. School Trichengode, Tamilnadu, India.                                                                      87.75 Percentage  •	S.S.L.C                                                                                                      Jun 2005 – Apr 2006 Arasunagar Matriculation Hr. Sec. School Ariyalur , Tamilnadu, India.                                                                             84.18 Percentage  Technical Skills  Languages	C, C++,C# Markup Languages	HTML,XML Framework/ Web Technologies/windows application	ASP NET,ADO.NET Database	My SQL, Oracle. Development tool 	Microsoft visual studio 2010    Areas of Interest  •	Database Management System      Project Details  Title	Adaptive Fault Tolerant QoS Control Algorithms for Maximizing System lifetime using Wireless Sensor Networks. Brief Description	Data sensing and retrieval in wireless sensor systems have a widespread application in areas such as security. The aim was to develop adaptive fault tolerant quality of service (QoS) control algorithms to deliver utilizing “source” and “path” redundancy.    Co-Curricular and Extra Curricular Activities  •	Organized the IT Symposium, PORT ‘10 and PORT ’11 at Sona College of Technology.  •	Being an active member of Youth Red Cross, organized the YOUTZ ‘10 symposium at Sona College of Technology.   •	Attended APPLICATION DEPLOYMENT TECHNIQUES IN CLOUD in Coimbatore institute of technology .   Personal Profile  Permanent Address	24 Pappa Colony Edamalaipatti Pudur Trichy Tamilnadu – 620012 Gender	Male Father’s Name	Mr.V.G. Vasudevan Date of Birth	30-Sep-1990 Languages Known	English, Tamil                        Declaration  I, hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.             	     			  	                                                                                   (V. SRINIVASAN)  . 
